capital = 4

oob = "AUS_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	 
	 
	 
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	 
	 
	 
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}


recruit_character = AUS_kurt_schuschnigg
recruit_character = AUS_karl_renner
recruit_character = AUS_arthur_seyss-inquart
recruit_character = AUS_alfred_klahr
recruit_character = AUS_karl_eglseer
recruit_character = AUS_odilo_globocnik
recruit_character = AUS_alexander_lohr
recruit_character = AUS_paul_von_hegedus
recruit_character = AUS_julius_yllam
recruit_character = AUS_otto_meixner_von_zweienstamm
recruit_character = AUS_wilhelm_zehner
recruit_character = AUS_josef_teufl
recruit_character = AUS_otto_schobel
recruit_character = AUS_viktor_seebauer
recruit_character = AUS_lothar_rendulic
recruit_character = AUS_ernst_kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = AUS_eduard_freiherr
recruit_character = AUS_franz_bohme
recruit_character = AUS_eugen_beyer
recruit_character = AUS_julius_raab
recruit_character = AUS_leopold_figl


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchism
	last_election = "1930.11.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	monarchism = 51
	constitutionalism = 9
	absolutism = 40
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Rudolf III"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/AUS/Portrait_Austria_RudolfIII.png"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = monarchism_subtype
}

set_stability = 0.50
