capital = 302

oob = "BOL_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	 
	 		
	tech_engineers = 1
	 
	 
	fuel_silos = 1
}

recruit_character = BOL_josé_luis_tejada_sorzano
recruit_character = BOL_Óscar_Únzaga_de_la_vega
recruit_character = BOL_jorge_blanco
recruit_character = BOL_severino_ruíztagle
recruit_character = BOL_eusebio_ayala
recruit_character = BOL_tomas_monje_gutierrez
recruit_character = BOL_gil_ibarra_juarez
recruit_character = BOL_gualberto_villarroel_lopez
recruit_character = BOL_jose_santos_quinteros
recruit_character = BOL_fabian_vaca_chavez
recruit_character = BOL_david_toro_ruilova
recruit_character = BOL_enrique_baldivieso_aparicio
recruit_character = BOL_roberto_hinojosa
recruit_character = BOL_carlos_altamirano
recruit_character = BOL_julian_montellano_carrasco
recruit_character = BOL_hector_bilbao_roja
recruit_character = BOL_alberto_ostria_gutierrez
recruit_character = BOL_enrique_finot
recruit_character = BOL_german_busch_beccera
recruit_character = BOL_jose_maria_gutierrez


set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = production_effort_2
	complete_national_focus = infrastructure_effort
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	oob = "BOL_1939"
	set_technology = {
		 
		 
		 
		 

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1


		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		 
		 
		 
		fuel_refining = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		 
		 
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarianism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no

}
set_popularities = {
	authoritarianism = 88
	republicanism = 10
	liberalism = 2
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Severo Fernández"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/BOL/Portrait_Bolivia_Fernandez.png"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = authoritarianism_subtype
}

1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1934.11.11"
		election_frequency = 72
		elections_allowed = no
	}

	set_popularities = {
		neutrality = 100
	}

}