capital = 458

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	 
}

set_convoys = 20
set_cosmetic_tag = TUN_BEYLIK

recruit_character = TUN_acgs
recruit_character = TUN_acr
recruit_character = TUN_stc
recruit_character = TUN_ncm
recruit_character = TUN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = TUN_communist_guy
recruit_character = TUN_coi
recruit_character = TUN_pot
recruit_character = TUN_aa2
recruit_character = TUN_awt
recruit_character = TUN_acas
recruit_character = TUN_mt
recruit_character = TUN_nccr
recruit_character = TUN_ai2
recruit_character = TUN_ncs
recruit_character = TUN_aco2
recruit_character = TUN_acd2
recruit_character = TUN_nt
recruit_character = TUN_ar
recruit_character = TUN_fascist_guy

1939.1.1 = {
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		 
		tech_recon = 1
		 
		 

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		 
		 
		 
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		 
		 
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	monarchism = 100
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Muhammad V an-Nasir"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_portrait_an-Nasir
	ideology = monarchism_subtype
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
